Feat(eos_designs): Add more feature support toggles for platform_settings (#5338)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/roles/eos_designs/docs/tables/platform-settings.md

        # <node_type>.uplink_mtu -> platform_settings.p2p_uplinks_mtu -> p2p_uplinks_mtu -> 9214.
        p2p_uplinks_mtu: <int; 68-65535>
        feature_support:

          # Support for LANZ.
          # Feature will be ignored on unsupported platforms.
          queue_monitor: <bool; default=True>

          # Support for LANZ notifying mode. Requires the parent `queue_monitor` feature to be enabled.
          # Feature will be ignored on unsupported platforms.
          queue_monitor_length_notify: <bool; default=True>

>           # Support for configuration of per interface storm-control settings on Ethernet or Port-channel interfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # Support for storm-control.
```

Author: All occurrences fixed

          # Feature will be ignored on unsupported platforms.
          interface_storm_control: <bool; default=True>

>           # Support for configuration of per interface PoE settings on Ethernet or Port-channel interfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # Support for PoE.
```

          # Support for all-active EVPN gateway redundancy.
          evpn_gateway_all_active_multihoming: <bool; default=False>

          # Support for enabling counters for features using programmable hardware counter resources.
          # Feature will be ignored on unsupported platforms.
          hardware_counters:

            # General support for the `hardware counter` CLI.

>             # Setting this key to `false` for the specific platform will disable support of any specific hardware counter functionality (`feature`, `drop`, etc.) for this platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            # Setting this key to `false` for a platform will disable support for all hardware counter functionality (`feature`, `drop`, etc.) for this platform.
```

          # Support for all-active EVPN gateway redundancy.
          evpn_gateway_all_active_multihoming: <bool; default=False>

          # Support for enabling counters for features using programmable hardware counter resources.
          # Feature will be ignored on unsupported platforms.
          hardware_counters:

            # General support for the `hardware counter` CLI.
            # Setting this key to `false` for the specific platform will disable support of any specific hardware counter functionality (`feature`, `drop`, etc.) for this platform.
            supported: <bool; default=True>
            feature:

              # General support for the `hardware counter feature` CLI.
              # Setting this key to `false` for the specific platform will disable support of any specific hardware counter feature for this platform.

>               supported: <bool; default=True>

Reviewer: duplicate of the parent level.

Reviewer: If this is a different support item than overall hardware_counters we should consider moving it out so we have 
```yaml
hardware_counters: <bool>
hardware_counters_features:
  supported: <bool>
  features:
    ...
```

Author: I wanted `hardware_counters.supported` flag to control overall support for hardware counters (features + drop). `hardware_counters.feature.supported` to control overall support for hardware counters features. `hardware_counters.feature.X` - to control support for a specific feature.

Author: Changed code based on the suggested data model

Reviewer: Thank you.

>               # Support for the hardware counter for the `acl` feature.

Reviewer: Since all these descriptions just repeats the key name I think we can move the description to a generic one on `feature` and remove them from each key here.

Author: Done
